company
name|description
1lash,llc|1 stop Lash supply .
29Eleven Ventures LLC|29Eleven The Salon is an Influance Hair Care Brand Approved Salon and Retailer. It's also home to The Healthy Hair Coach and Curl Code Education Brand.
4MAS|4MAS Grooming Inc. is known for their unique invention the "CutBrush", which is one of the world's first clipper and brush combined patented product designed for the DIY's that want to save time and money. They also design and produce top quality clippers, trimmers and hair-beard products for professional barbers as well as for home based users that want to look good and feel good! We strive to make it EASY for you to LOOK GOOD!
Alpha Series Pro|Styling Tools & Beauty Products
Andis|Andis® is a four-generation, family-led business and a market leader in barbering, styling and grooming. Our industry-leading clippers, trimmers and styling accessories are used by both professionals and DIYers across the globe. As the #1 preferred brand for textured hair, we remain committed to leading the category while ensuring quality, durability, and innovation.
Anti Broke Barbers Club|Barber Branding company that sells apparel and barber products
Artistic Rootz LLC|We are a brand that host artistic creations from Napp2reality from head to toe for the modern day stylist.
ashtae products, Inc|hair care products and hands-on classes
ASP Mgmt & Institute of Trichology Studies|A promotional company that promotes hair and beauty brands throughout the Cosmetology & Barber Industry. We work to get your brand, you class, or your event seen.
B RICH COSMETICS|BRC is an ultimate wellness skincare company! The clinic provides skin rejuvenation, skin tightening, body contouring, injectables, botox and much more. Founder and CEO Brenda Richards from Northridge, California, developed a natural and organic line of products to support the clinical services. The products are amazing and now available worldwide to consumers, distributors and retailers! We create the beauty in you with quality products tailored to your needs. Our skincare products renew your confidence and takes your beauty to the next level! B Rich B Golden!!
Beaute Tsuru|Hair Shears, Razors, Manicure, Pedicure, skin care tools. Clippers and Leather shear Cases.
Beauty Bling LLC/Paparazzi Accessories|We offer Fun, Affordable, Fashionable Accessories. Necklaces, Earrings, Rings, Bracelets and Hair Accessories!
Beauty By Benjamin LLC|Beauty By Benjamin Offers reasonably priced and innovative hair care products. The company offers a variety of different products that can be used for all of the styling needs of barbers, beauticians, and individuals who style their hair. The products are multi-functional so it allows customers to save space, time and money. The company strives to offer a product line that is innovative while taking care of all hair styling needs. The company is owned entirely by Benjamin Harris a licensed barber who understands the importance of having the right products to effectively style hair.
Bee Kynd|Bee Kynd is a beauty and wellness lifestyle brand that seeks to empower women to integrate cannabis into their daily self care practices to optimize well-being.  Our natural CBD-infused products offer a safe method to experience the therapeutic benefits of this amazing plant.  Our product line includes luxurious body butters, soothing relief remedies, wellness oils, herbal teas and tinctures.  We are passionate about creating beautiful, elevated products that help women live better.  CBD will not get high, but it will elevate your lifestyle.
Berry's HAIR|wig, bundles,lace and so on Berrys Fashion Hair Company is engaged in the production and sales of hair products. We sell our products all over the world through multiple platforms. We have been in the hair industry for 11 years, with rich experience in the hair extension field. Our products mainly include wigs, bundles, lace closures, lace frontals, and so on.
BLUSH THE BRAND|Blush The Brand is a Beauty, Health, And Wellness Powerhouse where your beauty matters. We focus on making you feel and look great from the inside and outside with our amazing products and services. Inspired by beauty that surrounds us our Blush Experience treatments are designed to nurture the mind and body through the use of healthy products and services.
Bossy Extensions|Styling Tools Wigs/Hair Extensions Hair Gallery
Bovanti|Cosmetics, Brows, Lashes & Hair Fantasia Products
Braids, Weaves and Things, Inc.|Natural Products, Barbering Supplied
Bric McMann|Salon Goods  Apparel, Hair, Shears
Bronner Books|No extended description available for this exhibitor
BUILDYOURBRANDTODAY.COM|WE PRIVATE LABEL ALL HAIR PRODUCTS YOU SEE IN BEAUTY SUPPLY STORES.
BULLTEES|We create amazing Rhinestone Apparel for Women and Men!
Caliber|Barbering Supplies Cutting Tools Styling Tools
Carry Him|No extended description available for this exhibitor
Century Systems|No extended description available for this exhibitor
CHANDRA HAIR|We are a human hair extensions manufacturer and distributor from India with a new location in the US. We mostly cater to hair professionals such as hair businesses and hairstylist.
Change Is Everything|Hair Products Appeal
Charlene Products|Charlene Products is leading the industry in innovation and manufacturing in the beauty industry. 40 years of manufacturing experience in all things hair and beauty with proven ability to design, develop and manufacture a variety of tools and supplies within the beauty industry. Charlene mannequins are made with top quality materials giving you the absolute best results whether it is on stage or in a class room. Charlene Stylist wear is leading the industry in form and function, with the newest styles and colors on the market to keep you looking amazing.  Visit us at www.charleneproducts.com. Call us at (800) 888-6188 or email charlene@charleneproducts.com
Chasing Curlz|Say goodbye to drying sulfates, mineral oils, and dyes and say hello to our paraben and paraffin-free hair care created with naturally curly hair in mind! As a curly headed girl, we want our "curlz" to be thick, manageable, strong, and lengthy. Our 100% natural hair care collection promises to cleanse, revitalize, and moisturize your hair better than any products you have ever used before!
Chazap Inc.|Barbering Supplies Skin Care
City Supplies|Rhinestone T-shirts and screen printed shirts hats hoodies
Classic Jasmine|Synthetic Braiding Hair Retailer and wholesaler.  The product I would like to exhibit for the show is Richbraid prestretched braiding hair 100% affrelle. 20+ colors are available in this line.
Cliff Vmir|FEMME by Cliff Vmir
CMRignite/We Can Do this|We Can Do This is a COVID-19 vaccination awareness campaign that helps educate, engage and get African Americans vaccinated. At our booth/space we will distribute swag and COVID-19 resources as well as bring a vaccine provider to administer vaccines for those interested.
Colorblast Pro. Academy Beauty & Care|Colorblast Pro Academy was founded by Dainelle LAShay, a Master Cosmetologist, and Pro. Make-up Artist who specializes in helping professional's with the tools resources and guidance needed to successful in the Beauty Industry.  Our courses are available online and in person for individuals seeking to enhance their skills in MicroInterlocks, Coloring and Makeup Artistry or simply increasing their income!  Colorblast Beauty and Care offers a variety of our pigmented Eye Dazzle Glitters, Makeup Tools and accessories. Colorblast Loc's of Beauty and care line offers top quality Lock and scalp care and specifically formulated for MicroInterlocks and Traditional Locks maintanence.
Conceit Boutique|Fashion
cut creaters|hair products
CyLady|Import and distributor of beauty supply items
Denim jewelry &accessories|Bling tshirts & Dresses
Diamond Edge Color, LLC|We sell color enhancements for men and various skincare and haircare products that tailor to barbers and their clients.
Dopephonecases LLC|Non Beauty Related phonecases & clothing
Dudley Beauty Corp, LLC|Dudley Beauty is responsible for distributing Dudley over 300 Dudley professional and retail textured hair care and personal care cosmetics directly to cosmetologists, barbers and beauty schools nationally and internationally. In Partnership With The Professional Cosmetologist, Dudleys is dedicated to providing exceptional products, educational opportunities and customer service.
EBIN New York|Everyday Beauty Is Now  At EBIN New York, we believe in the everyday beauty. No matter what ethnicity, gender, orientation, or mood you are in, you are beautiful.  Since our founding in 2014, EBIN New York has risen to become a leading brand in the beauty industry with a simple mission, "Quality for Less." At the heart of our brand, we believe everyone should have the creative freedom to express one's beauty and it should be affordable and available to all. We are constantly evolving and passionate about discovering new beauty innovations to lead the trend and surpass expectations at every turn.  We are committed to inspiring and celebrating your authentic self, so that you can also find the beauty in everyday.
ELITE BEAUTY|Shampoo Capes
Enhanced Beauty Cosmetics|Cosmetics , Eyeshadow Palette, Lipsticks, Makeup Brushes , Makeup Accessories
Essations|Essations is a customer-centric haircare brand founded on family values. We are black-owned and family operated with over 40 years of experience in the beauty industry. We entered the hair market as a professional product line, quickly becoming a preferred brand among beauty professionals. Despite the many shifts in beauty trends and consumer demands over the past few decades, Essations has stood the test of time, becoming a staple in the hair community and the partner brand to salons and stylists across the nation. From salon to home, the once professional only Essations brand now includes retail lines for use by the consumer at home.  We currently manufacture (in house) the Essations Classic Collection, Tea Tree Solutions Collection, Naked by Essations Collection, and Naked X Extensions Care Collection – the world's first commercial hair disinfecting/antibacterial system. Through these collections, we provide a solution for every hair type. Essations has adopted one standard only - high quality performance.  Essations also provides turnkey or hybrid manufacturing solutions, along with private labeling, warehousing, and logistics services.
Eunices Hair LLC|HAIR REPLACEMENT COMPANY- Selling products and supplies to make and repair wigs. We also sell wig attachments supplies. We also have a line of weaving products threads etc. We offer classes to aspiring wig makers and students.
Exalt Venus Waistbeads|Authentic Waistbeads sourced directly from the motherland. My company's mission is to make all women of every shape and size feel beautiful in her skin.
Exclusive Experience Company|Exclusive Experience Company is a Barbershop specializing in non-surgical Hair Replacement Services. A men's grooming lounge designed with private suites for discreet hair replacements.  We take pride in providing the highest quality barber services in Lafayette, Louisiana. Our Hair Replacement specialists are certified in Scalp Micropigmentation and Hair Units. Our practice helps people suffering from thinning hair, receding hairline, male and female pattern baldness, transplant scars and alopecia.
EYE CANDEE ACCESSIONS LLC|EYE CANDEE ACCESSIONS IS A CANDEE GALLERY FOR WOMEN, MEN & CHILDREN. Owner and artist Dominique is serving only JEWELICIOUS treats! Specialize in hand-made, custom made jewelry, & hottest retail jewelry or accessories trending. Offers "stacks" bracelets in various colors or get your "Custom Candee" Name necklace, anklet or bracelets in gold, silver, or rose gold!
Freddie J Magnificent 7|Cutting Tools, Styling Tools, Education, dvds, make-up, clothing, accessories, products, cologne.                        Cutting Tools, Education & Training, Styling Tools, Magazine                                             g
GBM3, Inc Beauty & Barbering Salon|GBM3, Inc provides innovative services and products that serve the needs of those who demand an impeccable image in beauty and barbering.
Glamorous Chicks Cosmetics|Glamorous Chicks Cosmetics is the home of the Glitter lips! Stop by their booth for Glitter liquid lipsticks, matte liquid lipsticks, palettes and more!
Glampalm USA|Glampalm Premium Hair Styling Tools with Exclusive Healing Stone Technology.
GRANDIR HAIRCARE|We created the perfect blend to nurture, protect the hair and stimulate the hair follicles.
GuangZhou ShengYe Import and Export Trading Co.,Ltd|Guangzhou Shengye Import & Export Co., Ltd. was founded in 2010, with a registered capital of 1000,000, and has been focusing on the integrity management and innovation cooperation.  The company focuses on "high-end human hair products , human hair wigs,human hair lace accessories, wig accessories, human hair extension products, and various hair products. The high-end brand "ANGELBELLA" of Guangzhou ShenggYe has always focused on the vertical field of wigs, continued to innovate, and committed to providing new aesthetic experience for global users. It is deeply loved by foreign businesses and users, and gives us high recognition and quality affirmation. In the past three years, it has developed rapidly. Through scientific quality management system and excellent corporate culture concept, it has won high customer satisfaction. Through word of mouth inheritance and brand communication, it has created a huge market in Europe, America and Africa
H2PRO|Hair Care Styling Tools Sundries
Habibe Sunglasses|Since 2012 we have specialized in handcrafting luxury designer sunglasses using only the most premium raw materials including acetate, stainless steel, and exotic wood from around the world. Our custom tinted Habibe lenses add elite style, full uv protection, and are perfectly tinted for day or night time wearing.
Hair Boss|Conditioner, leave in conditioner and hair oil
Hair Originals|Luxury Hair Extensions Company  Only Hair Extensions Company from India that is Shark Tank India featured and Funded. We are expanding globally and happy to showcase our products at the BB NOLA 2023 Show.
Happy Feet USA Inc|Happy Feet Massaging Insoles
Hawaiian Silky & Vitale by AFAM Concept, Inc.|The Hawaiian Silky brand was created 30 years ago, designed for professional stylists to provide classic, quality, professional hair care.  Perfect Braids by Vitale allows you to create sleek, long-lasting styles with natural-looking shine. Perfect for laying baby hairs, taming frizz, and braiding!
Hemp Queens of Atlanta, LLC|All-Natural Body Butters & CBD Infused Sugar Scrubs
Holistic Problem Solver|We are a company that makes natural products using the best holistic ingredients to solve problems naturally . Our focus is hair loss, pain relief, skin rashes, libido and hot flashes.
House Of Channelle|We will be featuring Permanent, Demi, and Blonding Hair Color Products.
Image America Inc|Natural Hair & Extensions Maintenence Products. Home of the *Very naturals Edge, Locs and Twisting Gel. * Weave Nets, *Weave threads *Prestige detangler moisturizer. *Braids Sheen. *Feso Hair Re-growth system. * Step by step educational dvd. * Scalp itching & * Many more...
Industrial Wig Sewing Machines|The most fundamental advantage of industrial sewing machines is their constantly flawless stitch quality. They are flawless in their work. An industrial sewing machines sharp stitches are impossible to duplicate with a household sewing machine.
InStyle with Val LLC|InStyle with Val LLC specializes in luxury wigs, bundles and lashes.  Our goal is to give professionals a place to find amazing looks that are high quality and created for your busy and demanding lifestyle!  We want you to feel confident in getting the best quality, authentic hair products made with the CEOs, entrepreneurs and professional BOSSES in mind.  Whether you have a job in front of the camera as a celebrity or in front of the camera on conference calls, you will always be "camera-ready" in our looks!
Ivy Enterprises, Inc.|Ivy Beauty is an innovative global leader in beauty care, with iconic brands such as i-ENVY, Red by Kiss, Ruby Kisses, Gold Finger, Kiss New York Professional, and Mad Shade sold in stores nationwide. Our innovative technology can be found in beauty care categories including hair appliances, hair care, cosmetics, eyelashes, eyewear, nail care, nail art, and manicure & pedicure tools for total beauty care. Ivy Beauty has been serving the beauty care market for over 20 years since 1999. Our classic and trendy beauty products are designed in New York headquarters and marketed through 7 branch offices across the United States. The company’s innovative products are also available in over 27 countries globally. With our value-based philosophy, Ivy Beauty will continue to provide the ultimate customer satisfaction. The ultimate customer satisfaction extends from NY headquarters to our manufacturing and distribution centers. Over 400,000 sq ft of the facilities in NJ and CA are only focusing on bringing top-quality products to the customers. With our passion to bring innovative beauty products to our customers, we continuously challenge ourselves for a better customer experience.
J C BEAUTY SUPPLY|DISTRIBUTOR OF ELITE PROFESSIONAL BEAUTY AND BARBER SUPPLIES
Jerome Demonte Studio LLC/ SHEARS|CUTTING TOOLS SHEARS, RAZORS,BLADES,CAPES,FACE RAZORS CUTTING CLASSES & DEMOS
Jhairapy LLC|Jhairapy is know its for quality hair wigs /extentions. We also carry quality products such as color wax, edge pomade, as well as wig and hair travel bags where you can carry your hair gracefully.
JustinKace|JustinKace Products
Karma Impex LLC|Karma Hair is a wholesale business of Hair extensions. We offer all products ranging from hair extensions, closures, frontals, Wigs, Tape Extensions and Fusion Tips. We are located in Jackson Mississippi. We wholesale 100% human hair.
Keratin Complex|20 x 20 booth
Kimmie Jae Koils|We have all been there before where we cant find hair products in the store for our hair type and porosity. The products dry your hair out making it hard and brittle and the hair oils leave you oily and greasy.  Kimmie Jae Koils listened and delivered. Our products are for all hair types. They grow and thicken your hair within weeks. Any thin, patchy, balding areas will have growth within weeks, including edges. They stop split ends and breakage, excessive shedding, eczema and psoriasis of the scalp, and dry itchy scalp within days.  We also have body butters that heal eczema and psoriasis of the skin, dry itchy skin within days, and lightens marks, scars, and bruises within weeks. Plus it heals sunburns within 24 hours.  We didnt forget about our men and their beards. We have beard products that grow and connect beards within weeks. Thin patchy areas fill in, connect, and grow within weeks. Plus they stop any excessive shedding, beard dandruff, and skin irritation within days.
Kirkpro|We sell high performing hair products and tools for all textures and types of curls
Knowledge By Niki llc|Knowledge By Niki is a beauty business consulting company whose main objective is to elevate the business acumen of beauty business owner. I train them by developing systems and structure primarily enabling them to experience greater profits and set the on the journey to their life beyond the chair.
Laflare|With a deep-rooted philosophy that everyone is born with Beauty, Laflare was established in 2015. Our motto is to have The Secret of Beauty accessible worldwide to everyone, empowering individuality of ones beauty and self-love. Second to none is our company slogan. There is no second place when it comes to quality, price, and service. Our goal is to create best product for the consumer. Over time, Laflare created an extensive line of products that are at your reach. Our brand of products Laflare is sold worldwide, From South America to the Middle East, Canada and the United States, and is now recognized as one of the leaders in the industry. Our commitment is to do our best to maintain quality and affordable prices. Come to our World, we are sure that we can meet your needs and expectations!
Legit Medical Wig Provider|Medical Wigs, DIY Medical Wig Kit, Wig Maintenance Products, Medical Wig Provider Course
Level 3 Apparel|Black Woman Apparel
Lieff Group|Health and wellness information for users of artificial hair relaxer products, including community resources and information on future wellness and issues relating to unanticipated and negative effects of hair products.
Loc Nation LLC|Hair Products
Long Human Hair Factory Inc|Long Human Hair Factory Inc has been doing 100% Human Hair business more than 20 years, and since 2019, we open our in person stores and warehouse in New York City, we are currently having three locations in NYC now, welcome to contact us with the following information, we will provide the best hair with best value to you and your business too~ Thank you~  Andy: 9179932318 Andy@ghair.com
Lux Collection|Lux collection offers a variety of high quality hair care products of edge tamers, hair/edge growth oils. Our team has studied and formulated items to cater to all of our customers making sure we maintain vegan friendly & cruelty free hair care products. We provide professional grade products for affordable prices.
Malibu C|As pioneers of wellness solutions in the beauty industry since 1985, the mission statement of Malibu Wellness is tried and true: to solve problems for every human being using nature-inspired, patented technologies. Malibu C is a professional haircare brand based in science, not marketing hype.  Our collection centers around a selection of customized Wellness Hair Care Remedies which are 100% vegan and cruelty-free, made in the United States, and formulated without gluten, parabens, sulfates, or preservatives. These patented Wellness Remedies feature Malibu Cs nature-inspired formula, which includes the purest, most potent form of crystallized ascorbic acid (vitamin C). The user (YOU!) freshly activates the crystalized vitamin complex for optimum results and benefits.
Mancave4hair|Mens Hair Replacement Services
Mane Adorn Hair Collection|Hair Extension Companies that provides a variety of quality hair extensions, from synthetic hair to Imported Indian Hair Quality. Braiding hair and Wigs. Offering quality hair extensions to all women who wear all styles.
Maurice Distribution|The following hair product brands are distributed by Maurice Distribution: Composure, Amore Colore, Nairobi, Barber Supplies, and Bachus Products.
MeelahMu_Olbali|Olbali is a conglomerate CPG company. Consisting of brands such as Cool Coffee Clique,Foolproof Body,POPtritional, andTheManeChoiceXOlbali. At Olbali, our mission is to create positive change in the lives of people across the globe. We specialize in creating products that make an impact and improve quality of life.
MOD USA|Selling. Shears caps and aprons etc
MYAVANA|MYAVANA is a beauty technology company that provides scientific-based, personalized hair care guidance using AI technology and healthy hair experts. We eliminate the typical trial & error process of hair care using our hair analysis kit and mobile app that provides healthy hair solutions in a digital hair profile. We've created a Hair & Beauty Network of consumers, product manufacturers, salons, retailers, and distributors to lead the digital transformation of the hair industry.
Nancystyesby|Braiding services , braiding bundles and bonnet
NappStar LLC|# 1 trailblazing Loc Salon, with 2 locations in the US. New York and Atlanta. Also the sister company of Fashion Dreads.
Nappy Hutt LLC / Shawntel Waajid|Shawntel Waajid Nappy Hutt LLC President  Meet the Founder: Shawntel Waajid  Shawntel Waajid is the owner of Nappy Hutt LLC, Shawntel Waajid Hair, Skin & Facial Care Products, Shawntel Marie Hair Care Products, Kings Solution mens product line, and Shawntel Waajid hands-on seminars focused on natural hair, protective styling, and locs. Her passion for braiding and natural hair goes back 45+ plus years and that passion has turned into a successful career and business that serves her community. Her ministry lies in creating opportunities for those who want to start their own business within the beauty industry with a specific emphasis on beauty salons and beauty supply store ownership. Her hands-on seminars were created as an opportunity to provide affordable training so that those who dream of owning their own businesses can have the technical know-how, the knowledge, the tools, the guidance, the encouragement, the confidence, the direction, and most importantly, the opportunity to change the financial trajectory of their lives. Shawntel Waajid grew up in the North End of Hartford, Connecticut, and began braiding family and friends hair at the young age of 7. By the time she was a teenager, she realized the significance of her natural talent to earn income. By the time she was 13, her growing hands reputation quickly became known in her neighborhood as the go-to person for natural braids and extensions. Her mothers annoyance with having people in and out of her house and hair all over her floors, the front porch became the neighborhood salon. For the past 11 years, she has realized the significance of her own successes (and failures) as a blueprint to change lives. If she can do it, then anyone can do it because there are so many women just like her, who came from the same kind of neighborhood, who live under similar circumstances, with similar education and mindset, yet have a natural talent for hair that can earn them endless amounts of income. Shawntel Waajid will continue to train, uplift, and encourage women of exceptional qualities and characteristics not seen from the surface or recognized by most.
NEW STAR HAIR LLC|At new star we offer and provide a variety of hair extension alternatives for almost 15years including hair bundles, closures, frontals, clip-ins, PU clip-ins, and full lace wigs. These products come in a variety of lengths, textures, and styles, and can be used to add length, volume, and versatility to natural hair. All of our products come out from premium Raw Donor Virgin Hair Materials without any chemical but last longer time. As well, we have two locations in New York for wholesale and retail, and one location in Atlanta for wholesale, we can do best service with free return for bundles and closures with good condition anytime.
Nolabraider|Nolabraider hair salon @nolabraider www.Nolabraider.com
Northwestern Mutual|Most successful businesses are created with an idea and grown with hard work. But it takes foresight and a comprehensive plan for these businesses to outlive their founders. The businesses that are successful, those that flourish from one generation to the next, are the ones with owners who know how to recognize and solve problems... owners who know when to ask for help... owners who know how to hire expertise.  Michael & Danny are FULLY licensed financial advisors who specialize in helping successful business owners with tax-advantaged risk mitigation and wealth accumulation strategies. To have a successful business, you need a trusted advisory team. Michael & Danny work in conjunction with your trusted advisors to help your business excel.
NouriTress Hair Products, LLC|Hair Products
Ocean Wigs|hair extensions and wigs products
Okay Pure Naturals|OKAY Pure Naturals continues to set the standard for quality natural hair and skin care choices that appeal to and address their multi-cultural and general consumers. The OKAY brand evolves with ongoing innovation. This innovation allows them the ability to develop formulas, products, and packaging solutions as their consumers needs shift and evolve practically in real time. All products are created, Manufactured, and shipped directly from their facility in Miami, Fl. They import the finest ingredients from around the world which ensures the highest quality in every product. OKAY is an innovative provider of beauty products and services. Founded in 2003, the company has become one of the leading beauty product companies in the world, with a presence in over 20 countries. OKAY's mission is to provide customers with high-quality, innovative beauty products and services that meet their individual needs and enhance their beauty. OKAY Pure Naturals offers a wide range of beauty products, including cosmetics, skincare, body care, gummies, hair care, men’s, baby, and pet products. OKAY prides itself on its commitment to quality, innovation, and customer service. The company is committed to creating products that are free of artificial fragrances, parabens, and sulfates, and that are cruelty-free. OKAY also offers products that are crafted with natural ingredients. OKAY has a team of experts who work together to create the best products for their customers. OKAY has a strong commitment to sustainability. The company works with suppliers to ensure that their products are of the highest quality and that their manufacturing processes are environmentally sound. They are also committed to reducing their carbon footprint. OKAY is constantly innovating and developing new products and services. The company has developed its own line of skincare products and is always looking for new ways to enhance the beauty of their customers. OKAY is committed to providing its customers with the best products and services available. The company is always looking for ways to improve their products and services. OKAY provides its customers with a unique, quality experience.
Patric Bradley|World renowned beauty expert Patric Antonio Bradley has been acknowledged as a beauty industry icon for two decades. His God-given talent inspires and enables him to be innovative and imaginative while creating trendsetting hairstyles and show stopping makeovers. Capturing the attention of artists around the globe, his bold styles have been featured by Dudley products, Farouk Systems, and Naked by Essations, just to name a few. He was also the Artistic Director for Dudley Products, and Creative Director for Farouk Systems. His work has been displayed on more than 80 national and international magazine covers and billboards around the globe.  Patric Bradley travels around the world expounding his haircutting, coloring, hairstyling skills and sharpening his craft as an international editorial photographer for stylist around the world. His imagination as a hairstylist and makeup artist knows no boundaries. His funkiness and free-flowing creativity is depicted by Team Hollywood. In 2007 Patric Bradley started his own styling team, Team Hollywood, and his professional product line, P Element, in 2008. His latest venture is a partnership with Naked Essations bringing an industry game changer and newest collaboration, Naked and Patric Antonio Bradley So Soft Relaxer. He sets out to have one of the top teams and companies in the country. Patric Bradley recently started Rho Delta Tau, a Greek organization for hairstylist. Rho Delta Tau is an organization that provides for the less fortunate, as well as provides relief to those affected by acts of nature, as well as contribute to other charities.  Like any knowledgeable teacher, Patric stays abreast and keeps his skills on point by working tirelessly in Houston, Texas. Patric Bradley is an artist who sets the bar high and paves the way for cutting edge trends in hairstyling, education and makeup for years to come with his unique and captivating creativity.
Peruvian white|Hair gels, loc gels, shampoos, conditioners, gloves, caps, clips,
Primerica Advisors|Life Insurance, Investments Mutual Funds, IRA'S, Annuities, Child Investment Trusts, Tax Shelter Investments
Private Label|The leading hair supplier for hairstylists, salon owners, and hair entrepreneurs. The Private Label team offers attractive pricing on Wigs, Bundles, Closures, Frontals, and more! The Private Label showrooms are located in Atlanta, Lithonia, Smyrna, Tucker, Detroit, Charlotte, and Greenville. Stop by to see the longest hair extensions in the world, excellent customer service, and product knowledge.
Progrip|Barbering Supplies Salon Apparel
PureO Natural Products|All Natural Haircare Products exclusive to professionals. Neatbraid & Loc twist gel, and
QINGDAO JENNIE COSMETIC CO.,LTD|A leader in the manufacturing of Strip Lashes, Eyelash Extensions & Makeup Tools. Qingdao Jennie Cosmetics Co, Ltd. is a leader in the manufacturing of strip lashes, eyelash extensions, and makeup tools. Jennie Cosmetics is a professional manufacturer which includes R&D, production and marketing. We have a strong R&D team that Continuous provides new styles and there are more than 6,000 kinds of eyelashes are made by us. We export our lashes to Europe, U.S.A, Australia, Canada, Mexico, and Mid East, etc. We have a great reputation for our qualities and service all over the world.  Our goal is to manufacture the best quality eyelashes and offer the best private label OEM & ODM service to our clients. With more than 10 years of experience, we could offer you all kinds of solutions to your business. You will find the lashes exceeding your expectations.
Red Carpet XL|We sell unique womens clothing, jewelry, perfumes, sunglasses and cosmetics.
Reign Plant Base Napkins & Vitamin Sprays|Reign Sanitary Napkins are plant base and non toxic . They relieve cramps, eliminate Oder , reduce cycle days and boost your metabolism .
Rhythm Boutique|WOMENS CLOTHING, SHOES, & ACCESSORIES INCLUDING SUNGLASSES.
Rude Cosmetics|RUDE is an exciting new cosmetic and skincare brand that has been creating a lot of buzz for offering makeup focused toward young, trendy, fashion minded individuals. RUDE offers beautifully designed products in attention-getting packaging conceived by their Los Angeles based creative team.  Little things make all the difference! By focusing on creativity and attention to details, RUDE screams with the look and feel of an expensive high priced brand. On the contrary, RUDE products are incredibly affordable giving consumers the luxury of both quality and price.
RUTH HICKS ENTERPRISE|HICKS EDGES HICKS EDGES NATURAL HAIR -N- SCALP SHAMPOO HICKS EDGES NATURAL HAIR -N- SCALP CONDITIONER HICKS EDGES NATURAL HAIR -N- SCALP CREAM HICKS EDGES NATURAL HAIR -N- SCALP GEL HICKS EDGES NATURAL HAIR -N- SCALP DIAMOND OIL HICKS EDGES NATURAL HAIR -N- SCALP SERUM
Saehan Cosmetics, Co,. LTD|Hair Color,
Salon Centric|No extended description available for this exhibitor
Salon Elegance Hair Loss Studio|Salon Elegance Hair Loss Studio Specializing in Non Surgical Hair Replacement services and education. Featuring Nicole Ferguson Signature Collection! Nicole Ferguson Signature Collection is a Great product that promotes Hair Growth. Our Follicle Stimulator System stimulates blood circulation to scalp. Prevents Hair Loss & breakage, Detoxification & Rejuvenation, Strengthen & Moisturize and Balance PH Levels. Nicole Ferguson, Certified Hair Loss Specialist equipped with all the fundamentals of Hair replacement skills and knowledge on accepting insurance payments for medical hair loss clients.
Salon Virtuosity|Hair Care Products providing educational demonstrations
Sassi America Inc.|eyelashes, eyelash implements, nail tips, acrylic nails
Savage Styles|Hair
SEWICOB INTERNATIONAL INC.|Vincent Products, Yanaki Products
SHE TRADEMARKS - BEAUTY LAW FIRM|A law firm dedicated to the beauty professional, with services designed to protect your brand and your bag. She Trademarks helps with the legal aspect of your business, so you can grow and scale your beauty business with ease. She Trademarks offers services and products including: Trademark & Copyright registration, Custom contract drafting and negotiation, Done for you lawyer drafted contracts and consents, and educational programs on how to legally run your beauty business.  Stop buy our booth to learn more information and a chance to win daily prizes.
SHEARS DEPOT / TOWELHUB|COMPANY SELLING: HAIR CUTTING SHEARS, SALON TOWELS, BLEACH SHIELD SALON TOWELS.  WE SELL TO SALON BUSINESSES, DISTRIBUTORS ANYBODY WHO WANTS PRODUCTS AT A GOOD PRICE!!!!  OUR WHOLESALE LOCATION IS OUT OF FULTON INDUSTRIAL, ATLANTA, GA  WE SHIP ALL OVER THE COUNTRY
SILK ME KIDS|HAIR CARE PRODUCTS FOR KIDS
Simply Irresistible Beauty|We are a human hair extensions & wig Manufacturer specializing in medical wigs and hair pieces for people suffering from hair loss due to Alopecia, Cancer and other auto immune disease
Slim Loc Culture|Slim Loc Culture is a loc movement geared towards the recognition of the variety, similarities and appreciation of the look of slimmer locs.
Smiley's Hair Clinic & Mastectomy Boutique|Smiley's Hair Clinic is a premier Hair Clinic in the Tucker, Georgia area. All of Our PHD's(Professional Hair Doctors) specialize in Hair Loss & Hair Growth. We have Certified Mastectomy Fitters for clients who have had Breast cancer and had single or double Mastectomies.  Our Mission is to provide post-surgical accessories, breast forms, shapers, garments, and CRANIAL PROSTHESES for clients just the way they want it; Affordable, Completely Undetectable and guaranteed perfect every time. We provide the right fit allowing for the right look and comfortability both inside and out.  We also provide hair services using the best natural raw ingredients for all types of hair so as not to cause hair fall out, but to promote healthy scalp for optimal hair growth.  We have Clinically proven Prescription Strength Hair Growth Products we use for clients suffering from All types of Alopecia. We also have ways to bill Health Insurance Companies for Cranial Prostheses when clients cannot grow their hair back. Our Certified Mastectomy Fitters and Non-Surgical Hair Replacement Specialists can help clients with their breast care and Hair Replacement needs.
Stephanie's Boutique|I sell ladies clothing, fashion jewelry, handbags, sunglasses and accessories.
Straight Request|Straight Request is a PROFESSIONAL HAIR CARE COMPANY, we are the CONDITIONER COMPANY.
Stylebritees|Custom jackets, Custom salon bag
T-SHIRTS & MOORE|RHINESTONE & PRINTED STYLIST SHIRTS
T-Shirts To Go|T-Shirts and More
Teesonme Printing llc.|Custom Apparel
Thailand Hair and Boutique|Virgin Hair Store and salon
The Hair Diagram|Lace adhesive for wig applications
The Reni Collection, LLC|Hair Anti Itch/Growth Oil
TNTWORLDWIDE|Black Empowerment Apparel, Hand Wrapped Lenseless Fashion Frames
TricoMax Inc.|Tricomax Hair Management System - Clinically proven to promote hair growth, reduce inflammation and improve scalp health.
Tropic Isle Living|No extended description available for this exhibitor
Unique BEAUTY PRODUCTS|BARBER AND BEAUTY SUPPLIES
Universal Beauty|Jamaican Mango Lime, Salon Pro, Smooth Moisture, and VIA
Wavers At Heart|Wavers At Heart is a black-owned small business with a vision to represent the individuals dedication and unique ways of showcasing love for their hair. We promote expression of self through custom fashionable and comfortable hair accessories. We also work with professionals in the beauty industry, bringing their personal logos/designs to life on various necessities (smocks, capes, aprons, etc.)
Wellbel|Wellbel supplements for hair, skin and nails
Wig Medical|Learn how to collect guaranteed insurance payments by providing medical grade wigs to clients. Wig Medical's only learning platform walks you through each step to set you up for success in the medical wig industry. Hair loss affects over 80 million Americans yearly. The need for more Certified Cranial Prosthesis Specialists continues to grow.
Wrap-A-Loc Products Inc.|Wrap-A-Loc is a hair styling tool and a technique that creates curls, spirals, and waves on natural and loc'd hair. This amazing tool can be worn undetectable in the hair as a style, and when removed, curls blossom. Wrap-A-Loc is a patented product that allows you to create multiple styling options. This dual-use is what sets it apart from other styling tools. You can wear them while going about your daily activities without worrying about looking unprofessional or not put together.
XUCHANG SV INDUSTRIAL CO.,LTD|XUCHANG SV INDUSTRIAL CO.,LTD is a professional hair manufature that located in xuchang,henan.with many year's development,we have a good quality control system.Our products include virgin remy hair,remy hair,silky straight,brazilian body wave,brazilian deep wave,water wave,kinky wave,loose wave, bebe curl and other curly items.We have our own quality control departments that alwalys check the quality of the hair and supply customer high quality hair in competitive price.
Yannii LLC|Chicago's Premier Hair, Makeup, & Fashion Specialist: Beauty x Wigs x Runway
YELLE; Inc|YELLE IS A PLANT BASED ENVIORNMENTALLY SAFE BEAUTY PRODCUTS THAT ENRCIHES AND NOURICHES ALL SKIN TYPES. YELLE Beauty is the New Standard in Beauty for Melanin Rich Skin. A female owned company made up of 98% women, YELLE Beauty prides itself on being a practical beauty brand for the modern woman who needs hardworking products with multitasking benefits. We work with smart, innovative women to curate the heartbeat and distinct beauty needs of todays multi-faceted woman of color. Licensed beauty professionals, beauty centric research & development led by beauty/business executive thought leaders.
Your Best Step, Inc.|Non profit organization for aging out fostered young adults.
